Merge main into v1 (#965)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

# CodeQL Action and CodeQL Runner Changelog

## 1.1.4 - 07 Mar 2022

- Update default CodeQL bundle version to 2.8.2. [#950](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/950)

> - Fix a bug where old results can be uploaded if the languages in a repository change when using a non-ephemeral self-hosted runner. [#955](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/955)

Reviewer: This may have gotten missed when I added it as a comment, so adding the changelog entry as a suggestion this time.

```suggestion
- Fix a bug where old results can be uploaded if the languages in a repository change when using a non-ephemeral self-hosted runner. [#955](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/955)
- Fail with a meaningful error message for Windows 11 and Windows Server 2022 which are currently unsupported. [#869](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/869)
```

# CodeQL Action and CodeQL Runner Changelog

## 1.1.4 - 07 Mar 2022

> - Update default CodeQL bundle version to 2.8.2. [#950](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/950)
> - Fix a bug where old results can be uploaded if the languages in a repository change when using a non-ephemeral self-hosted runner. [#955](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/955)
> - Fail with a meaningful error message for Windows 11 and Windows Server 2022 which are currently unsupported. [#869](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/869)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update default CodeQL bundle version to 2.8.2. [#950](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/950)
  - Windows 11 and Windows Server 2022 are now supported platforms.
- Fix a bug where old results can be uploaded if the languages in a repository change when using a non-ephemeral self-hosted runner. [#955](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/955)
```
How about this, @adityasharad?

Reviewer: That's fine by me.

> - Fail with a meaningful error message for Windows 11 and Windows Server 2022 which are currently unsupported. [#869](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/869)

Reviewer: Thanks. My mistake.
